add doc for apps api GA change (#2143)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/apps/index.md

| Property                                | Description                             | DataType                         | Nullable | Default           | MinLength | MaxLength  | Validation |
| --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- | -------- | ----------------- | --------- | ---------- | ---------- |
| template                                | mapping expression for username         | String                           | TRUE     | `${source.login}` |           | 1024       |            |
| type                                    | type of mapping expression              | `NONE`,  `BUILT_IN`, or `CUSTOM` | FALSE    | BUILT_IN          |           |            |            |
| userSuffix                              | suffix for built-in mapping expressions | String                           | TRUE     | NULL              |           |            |            |
| pushStatus <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | push username on update                 | `PUSH`, `DONT_PUSH`              | TRUE     | NULL              |           |            |            |

> > **Note:** You must use the `CUSTOM` type when defining your own expression that is not built-in. The `pushStatus` <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> parameter is visible when type is `CUSTOM` and `SUPPORT_PUSH_STATUS_FOR_APPS_API` feature is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You must use the `CUSTOM` type when defining your own expression that is not built-in. The `pushStatus` <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> parameter is visible when type is `CUSTOM` and `SUPPORT_PUSH_STATUS_FOR_APPS_API` feature is enabled.
```

We don't mention feature flags in our public doc. Is there a name for this feature that we can use instead?

Author: oh yeah, we might make this a self service FF, can we use that name instead?

| template   | mapping expression for username         | String                           | TRUE     | `${source.login}` |           | 1024       |            |
| type       | type of mapping expression              | `NONE`,  `BUILT_IN`, or `CUSTOM` | FALSE    | BUILT_IN          |           |            |            |
| userSuffix | suffix for built-in mapping expressions | String                           | TRUE     | NULL              |           |            |            |
| pushStatus | push username on update                 | `PUSH`, `DONT_PUSH`              | TRUE     | `DONT_PUSH` for `CUSTOM` type |           |            |            |

> > **Note:** You must use the `CUSTOM` type when defining your own expression that is not built-in. `pushStatus` is only effective for `CUSTOM` type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You must use the `CUSTOM` type when you define your own expression that is not built-in. The `pushStatus` property is effective only for the `CUSTOM` type.
```
